1) Python is a interpreted high level general purpose language that is used to complete functions and other 
tasks like web development, AI, machine leanring and others. 
Python is an object oriented language, which means that users can create different 
classes and objects which can be used to create more effective, versatile and powerful code that can be used for many tasks. 
Python also has very simple syntax, and very readable for that reason. This makes it very easy for anyone to learn. 
Python works with packages meaning that you can save and reuse code very easily.
Python is a fan favorite due to the fact that it's very easy to use and learn, and can be used for many things.
In the case of bugs and errors, they are also easy to fix and the wide network of users makes it easuy to find help.
The IDE will usually find the mistakes and suggest fixes or tell you what is wrong with the code.
All this to say that Python is a very geenral and effective langauge that can be learned relatively quickly. 

2) There are different types of data types in Python, and what they are, are just forms of data; 
pretty much they represents what kind of data can be used. The types of data are string, integer, boolean, sequence, float, complex, tuple,
list, dictionary, and set.
String data represents characters, or letters. 
Integer data represent whole numbers.
Float data represents numbers with decimals. 
Complex data represents data with numbers and string data. 
Tuples represent an ordered collection of objects, and they are immutable. 
Lists represent an ordered and mutable collection of objects, slightlt different from tuples. 
Sequence allows you to contain a large amount of values of any data type. 
Boolean is a data type that are true or false statements.
Dictionary is data that is stored with a key-value pair. 

3) A function in python is a group of code that when called, executes a certain tasks or formula. 
A function must first be defined before it can be utilized in this way. Functions allow programmers to write a block
of code that will accomplish specific tasks, like return a value in a quadratic function depending on the value for x.
Once it is defined it can be called and used anywhere after the function to return data.
A function is a useful tool because no longer would a programmer have to write the same equation multiple times. 
This is effective because it helps with organization and decreases repetition.

4) The Python print function returns the output of the code or specified message to the device, like a function or simple line of code that is ran. 
A print statement can be used many times with no limit, and will always show the result of the code used. 
The print statement has many parameters, which include objects,separator,end,file and flush.
A separator specifies how to separate objects, and end specifies what to print at the end of the statement. (\n prints new line)
Finally the flush parameter is a boolean data type that only gives and output if the statement is true.



