1.	When pressing a key on a keyboard, the first thing that happens is a specific signal is sent to the computer depending on which leg was pressed. A scan code is then sent into the computer’s mainframe and interpreted further. An image of the key/letter is then retrieved until it displays the key on the screen as input by the user. This same concept is applied to other things like bar codes being scanned and the corresponding object and its price being displayed as the output in supermarkets. 
2.	Computers use inputs and outputs to create experiences by first accepting inputs, which can be anything from bar codes being scanned at supermarkets to a doctor looking at scans of a human body and making inputting changes digitally in order to have the computer output those changes and simulate a potential surgery so as to help the doctor with their task and increase the experience of the doctor. Inputs and outputs essentially create experiences by showing the users the expectations of their inputs and in cases of simulation, allows the users to experiment until they have found the right input that they want to use for their task. The computer accepts the input and registers the output, for example a mouse’s input is the rolling and the output is the cursor moving. So generally speaking, computers use inputs and outputs to create experiences that have been pre-defined and shown.
3.	Software is essentially infinitely reproducible nothings because they are a bunch of signals from keyboards, numbers in memories and other such digital things that are designed by coders to handle and meet the needs of the marketplace and world overall. These little pieces of digital code make up the framework of much of the modern world and have the capability to run the world in a metaphorical sense since the infrastructure of the world is run by the systems created by coders and the piece of digital execution, also known as software. 
4.	Code, which is a bunch of symbols typed in by a user, becomes software through lines of code being read by your machine such as a computer. The machine reads the code through interconnected logic gates, with the code essentially being a list of instructions for the machine, and once the code is executed, it becomes what is known as software. 
5.	Algorithms are basically formulas used to solve problems. The purpose of an algorithm is to make it easier to solve problems, usually common ones like Euclid’s algorithm, which aims to determine what the greatest divisor between any two numbers are. Algorithms are able to be coded to help solve problems without having to repeat the algorithm over and over again. 
6.	The DRY principle means Don’t Repeat Yourself. This is a core principle of coding which basically means once you’ve completed a task such as writing a function to create a variable, don’t do it again and simply use the function/variable you already created for future purposes. It reduces mistakes and is far more efficient to reuse your code. 
7.	Object Oriented Programming is coding and programming that revolves around Objects such as classes. OOP contains data and code and uses these two . In Python, OOP is used to make classes, reusable pieces of code blueprints, with attributes and methods which will allow for more dynamic programming composed of functions to handle more robust problems and reuse code for more reproducible structures. 
8.	Data is essentially information in any shape or form, and it relates to coding because computers/machines can be used to store data so it is easily accessible (since humans can’t possibly store all pieces of data in their heads). SQL is an example of a coding language that is primarily focused on storing data in databases and accessing the data in an effective manner. Data is usually stored in many different tables with primary keys and foreign key columns to make it easier to view the data that you want to see without getting any more than necessary.
9.	A framework is a structure used by computers and software that pretty much dictate in what order instructions input by a user are carried out. It involves coding, designing, and testing by premier software engineers to make sure the software is running well and efficiently and allows developers to manage the entire software development process. Frameworks are built on coding languages like Python and Ruby, and make it easier to work on websites, databases, and mobile applications. 
10.	Debugging is basically looking over your code to figure out if there are any mistakes. These mistakes can be as small as missing punctuation marks or quotations which would render parts of your code ineffective, if not all of your code. Debugging and quality analysis is important because broken code can be hard to fix if not constantly reviewed and can result in having to recreate your code carefully. Most coding languages give the option of your console to review your code to find these bugs, or mistakes and lines of code that aren’t executed as intended, and help you fix your code.
11.	I want to learn how to code because I am interested in becoming a data scientist or analyst. The reason that I am interested in these career fields is because I’ve always been interested in mathematics and statistics, and my interests in these subjects have naturally fueled an interest in data and information, specifically in regards to sports statistics, in me and when I found out about this field, I knew that it was meant for me and that I had to pursue it. I already have experience coding from my undergraduate career with several languages due to my major in applied mathematics and statistics. The languages that I’ve learned and have experience with are SQL, Python, RStudio, Unix, Tableau, Matlab, SAS, and Excel and each of them are important for data science and can be utilized in one shape or another. My experience with these languages in my undergraduate career, and now in my graduate school career have fueled my desire to enter this career field and continue to further my interest in learning code so I can advance my career prospects and land a position that I prefer.

